Didn't Xiaoyue hear what the Protector said?
You go and give him a sword
Draw a line with that trash
We can't let him lead our Xiao family
The Dustless Sword is the Sword of IQ
No matter how powerful he is
How can you withstand the danger of this sword?
But if you don't give this sword
Xiao Jia will definitely be implicated by the Wushentai
Maybe there will be destruction
What should I do?
I didn't expect the Martial God to be the four guardians
To make things difficult for a girl
It's not that we're making things difficult for him now
It was the Xiao family
To sin with you
It turns the dead into boundaries
We
Just give him a chance
Xiaoyue, don't you do it yet?
Is this a joke about the hundreds of names of the Xiao family?
When you introduced me to the Xiao family, it was broken and injured
But now
I can't rule over the lives of the Xiao family
Anyway.
You are not willing to take the Valkyrie as your enemy
The ancient altar was founded by me
Why don't you believe it?
I am godless
It seems that your obsessions and delusions are deeply ingrained
Don't blame me